---
title: "New period of life"
description: "Say goodbye to school "
pubDate: 2026-04-01
draft: false
tags: ["astro", "website", "blog"]
---
Many places in the world set autumn begins as the start point of the new jounery. With the leaves falling off from the trees, we say goodbye to our old friends at schools or companies. 

But Japan is a special country. They insist to set the new fiscal year in the spring. As an old Chinese saying goes: "The year begins with spring." That is true for an agricultural civilization because they have to spread the seeds into the fields as one of their most important things for living. But even China have changed the long-standing customs. We get used to start our new chapter in autumn. That is why I felt somewhat unfamiliar when I first came to Japan.

But now, standing here again in spring, I begin to understand it differently. 

With Sakura blossoms in full bloom, I am starting a new life as a consultant. This is the moment I step out of the identity of a student and into the real world. It feels subtle, yet profound. For the first time, I truly sense what it means for a year to begin. 

Spring is not only about beginnings, but also about uncertainty and growth. Just like seeds buried in the soil, you don’t know exactly what will come out of it but you move forward anyway. 

In spring we start, in spring we grow.

This is the first post on my personal website and I want this site to be a place where I can share research, technology, and thoughts. 

In the future blogs I may write some details of my research work, my motiviaions and feelings of living in Japan over the past 4 years and also, what I have learned during my business pratices. 

I hope this blog could be a remarkable beginning for my new period of life.

Weihang Jiang